well obviously this isn't the first time
we've encountered large crowds on
Franklin Street so we we have a plan in
place we also knew that just being a
Saturday night that we could face a lot
of people that we we brought in several
officers for this we have about 75 to 80
of our own police officers out here a
police department we have an additional
125 or so from from other agencies it is
bittersweet for us because we obviously
know that if when the team does well
team wins we're going to be out here
dealing with large crowds but I think
for the most part again most of the
officers root for Carolina on a regular
basis it is just the obviously in any
large-scale event like this where you
have a large crowd the potential exists
for a number of things and it is a
stressful time for police officers I
mean I haven't heard of any incidents
tonight but again it's a little bit
early and the crowd estimate again is
somewhere around five to six thousand
right
we just have to wait to see how this
thing plays out
you